[Music]
here's a recipe for chili lime chicken
kebabs from Allrecipes member Simic
Allrecipes member RC Kim comments these
kebabs were a huge hit at our barbecue
everyone raved the blend of citrus and
spices was wonderful first cut 1 pound
of skinless boneless chicken breast
halves into one and a half inch pieces
[Music]
place the chicken in a shallow baking
dish
[Music]
next make the marinade into a small bowl
add three tablespoons of olive oil
and one and a half tablespoons of red
wine vinegar using a reamer or a fork
juice one lime adding the lime juice to
the bowl whisk the juice together with
the oil and vinegar add one teaspoon of
chili powder half a teaspoon of paprika
1/2 a teaspoon of onion powder half a
teaspoon of garlic powder cayenne pepper
to taste and salt and ground black
pepper to taste
[Music]
whisk the seasonings into the marinade
of course you can cut up some vegetables
too like onions peppers mushrooms or
whatever you like and marinate them
along with the chicken to thread later
on the kabobs pour the marinade over the
chicken and vegetables and stir to make
sure everything is well coated
[Music]
cover the dish and refrigerate for at
least one hour the chicken will benefit
from marinating longer if you have time
but because of lime juice and vinegar
and the marinade we wouldn't recommend
marinating it for more than four to five
hours when you're ready to cook the
chicken preheat the grill from
medium-high heat thread the chicken and
peppers onto skewers if you're using
wooden skewers it's a good idea to soak
them in water for 30 minutes to prevent
them from burning on the grill
[Music]
discard the marinade lightly oil the
grill grate grill the skewers turning
occasionally until the chicken juices
run clear for 10 to 15 minutes
[Music]
an Allrecipes member who goes by
daybreak five notes I've made these
chili lime chicken kebabs so many times
I've lost count great on the barbecue or
if it's too cold outside I broiled them
[Music]